[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Matt Boles, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this Developer
Basics video, we are
going to generate player code.
The first thing needed
to do player development
is obviously a player.
So let's create one.
In Studio, select
the Players module.
Click on the New Player button.
Then, give it a name.
And finally, click Save.
That's all there is
to creating a player.
Remember this player can
be used to play any video.
It is not tied to
one specific video.
The player-to-video
ratio is not one to one.
It is one to many.
Now that we have a
player, we want to publish
a video using that player.
Go to the Media module.
Pick a video to publish.
Click the Publish and Embed
button then Web player.
Choose the player just created.
Click Advanced,
which is the best
selection for the
implementation code
when doing development
with a player.
I'm going to make
it a fixed size.
Enter the desired width.
Then, copy the Advanced code.
And now we have a player
we can write code against.